Melanie Carmichael has it all seven
years ago you were this scared little
thing from Alabama and now you're my
steel magnolias she's the hottest
designer in the fashion world she's
dating the son of New York's mayor and
she's about to get where are we the
proposal of her dreams oh my god
Melanie Carmichael will you marry me oh
my god
pick one oh my god but before she can
tie the knot I'm in Alabama
she needs to tie up one loose end get
your stubborn self down here and give me
a divorce as I live and struggle for
breath please sign these papers the only
reason I sign is because you've turned
into some corty Tory Janki
go get them Yankee people need a
passport to come down here for the first
time in seven years she's come home to
face the past she tried to forget nobody
finds her soulmate when they're 10 years
old I mean where's the fun in that right
she thought she had everything she ever
wanted I think a nice country wedding is
just the ticket
one down seven million to go but she's
discovering how much she left behind you
all come with me I can't girl I know you
used to be fearless the girl you knew
didn't have a life yes you better get on
with it then touchstone pictures
presents in a bar a story about finding
out what you really need what are you
doing here I came to deliver your fiance
you and I in love with the same girl oh
my god who you really are what I need to
know is if there is a place for me in
your future and where you really belong
I'm really happy in New York but then I
come down here and spits - Reese
Witherspoon
[Music]
Sweet Home Alabama Oh can he swim look
like it
you